you really don't want you to know this
stuff right and is do you think it's in
a different dimension and that's why
people don't see it as readily as
anything else or a interesting
interesting question uh no I but I do
believe that it perhaps is
interdimensional in the sense that and
this is what happens or what we're being
told and and what seems to be happening
is that between the third and the fourth
because we're moving into the four right
there's a movement from this dimension
into the next one and and we are able to
see more consequently in other words if
you're in the fourth dimension you can
see the third very clearly if you're in
the third you can't really see the four
but as you move from one to the other
you're starting to the veil is lifted
and but but no this is very real in
other words it's happening in this in
this dimension that we know of it and a
lot more is happening as well and i have
to say some of the stuff that i'm
getting now we haven't even got on
Camelot yet because I haven't been able
to finish editing interviews from just
my last trip out there and the people i
was talking to who have some fascinating
information but for the most part but we
in other words chemtrails let's say they
are obscuring the sky so you can't see
what's going on and that's part of their
part of their the reason for existence
there are a lot of other reasons as well
and there are I don't know how they're
doing it but they are obscuring the
night sky their obscure they are able to
use know all kinds of cloaking methods
and so on so forth right you're a
machine actually the reason this guy got
the footage he did is because he had it
on I think he also had like more than
one camera and he asked it's like a
time-lapse thing and so things that you
couldn't normally see that
camera sees what we can't see as you may
know and I've had actually evidence is
because I went out one time I was just I
felt some reason shoot at the sky when I
was out at Malibu at one time and those
shots that I captured of of an EP ship
actually creating a design in the sky
for me is is on my short that I made
that's on Camelot under short okay and
if anyone interested take a look at that
a lot of people never go there so they
never see it right but I I couldn't see
with my naked eye I just knew something
was going on and i ended up i guess it
was psychic intuition and simultaneously
there was what appeared to be uh some
kind of bizarre take off from vandenberg
which was north of me i guess but it
seems to be more than just your average
whatever they do for off of Vandenberg I
mean it's a fascinating shot they were
at great shots it if you point the
camera at the sky if you think
something's going on your camera can
probably pick it up even if you're naked
I can't interesting you know I was uh
you know Cynthia Crawford obviously
she's been on Project Camelot but we
were at her house here and i believe was
in november and we had been talking
about the lights over phoenix and she
lives right in front of superstitious
mount and i believe it's her
superstition mountain can't remember
exactly but we're sitting in her house
and we all kind of looked out the
windows bay window and we saw these
lights over phoenix and he started
strobing in and out like different
colors like green and red there was like
five of them and it was dusk so i could
see the planes coming in and out in
helicopters all around these lights and
they were stationary in one spot they
they basically i got probably about 10
minutes of them as a shot and with my
video camera
and we put some stills we made some
stills out of it to put it up on my
website and so I know what I know what
it wasn't I'm not quite sure what it was
but I'm assuming that it was either
several spaceships or one great big one
that all I could see was the lights
driven enough fabulous yeah absolutely
well there's a lot of activity over
there and the Phoenix lights of course
there are videos about that and so on
right great stuff yeah so um it was it
was a blessing to me that I actually got
to witness some of these things and some
of the experiences that I you get but of
course I live on the East Coast and
almost seems like when you travel out
west Arizona Nevada right around in that
area the energies are higher you can
almost feel them whenever you even when
you land and you're in the that part of
the the earth and people are more open
to what we're talking about here today
it seems like I don't know if you've
experienced this with different parts of
the world and different people you've
interviewed at with your travels and you
know different parts of the world has
the holds a lower energy per se where
even the people there have a different
mindset uh yeah it's interesting well if
we do a conference and we have done
conferences in Europe we do get a chance
to see what the people around us are
served like and thinking and son and you
know in person and obviously we get tons
of email at Camelot so there I mean they
will awareness around the world at least
by indications of what we see on Camelot
and given that we are we're basically
still on the fringe for as many people
as we do have visiting our site for all
intents and purposes in terms of the
larger consensus reality we still are on
the fringe but we do see a huge
awakening out there right and and it's
phenomenal I have to say I see it myself
you know I have one minute I hate to
stop you here but is there anything
you'd like to leave our listeners with
oh gosh uh well keep an open mind
because you're going to need it in the
coming years and there are things going
on out there we are living in the times
not unlike the Terminator movies and
even more and if we move into the fourth
dimension as it seems we are it's going
to get even more bizarre so um and I
don't think it's all um I don't know
hearts and flowers on the fourth
dimension either although I did
certainly not as dark as this level but
at any rate that's I guess what I would
say so just keep an open mind and keep
exploring keep investigating don't rule
anything out okay well said Kerry could
just hang on the line just for a second
while wrap things up here next week
we'll be discussing exploring higher
consciousness and extraterrestrial
reality with Marsha Schaefer thank you
all for tuning in to our show if you
like the show or just like the show any
other questions suggestions or content
for future shows email me at universal
talking @ gmail.com or if you missed the
show and would like to listen to the
content or would like to be for a friend
simply log on to the my website at WWE
Universe we'll talk info and this is Joe
mara signing off or universal talk w phb
1260 country roots